can you believe it bitcoin's price has
gone parabolic you came here for the
truth today we are going to look at
Bitcoin and the cryptocurrencies I want
to show you exactly why the price of
Bitcoin has smashed through the roof
let's get very specific here beginning
with this the price of Bitcoin and ether
the digital tokens that power the
Bitcoin and ethereum blockchains reached
all time
highs today Bitcoin has top $2,500 and a
total market cap of 40 billion that's
the first time ever so two records in
one single day ether is currently the
second largest market that hit
228 then it dropped down significantly
afterward which I found very interesting
so what we are seeing here is a
continuation of this trend Bitcoin
literally rocketed past
2,000 and then again all the way past
2500 and we can see that ethereum is
finding sort of that same pattern and I
would suggest that a lot of these
cryptocurrencies at least for now until
a fewer weeded out you'll see this
continue but why exactly has it gone
this far the Web Bot had predicted that
after AC cross 2000 that it would take a
really big nose dive before regaining
itself so there's uh one point that I
want to make
here there's more in the article here
let me move on to the next one just want
to show you a couple points this is the
actual price and I'm showing you from
the beginning of the year essentially
and you can see that slowly but steadily
the price is rising but just in the last
month the price has risen considerably
and if you look at it in in fact just
very recently you can see that the curve
has gone literally parabolic you can see
that the exponential rise has really
become apparent the media is covering it
there's a lot of attention and the
market cap is going up dramatically so
that's
Bitcoin I'd like to just once again note
that while the price has gone up towards
uh 2500 or so you'll see that the market
cap as well Crossing $40 billion that is
the biggest of any of the currencies but
we can also see
that Bitcoin is not the only digital
currency out there the whole digital
currency world is maturing in its
infancy it's basically taking on new
forms this right here is key a meeting
of Bitcoin startup Executives and miners
held this week and has res resulted in
the publication of a new proposal of how
the open-source project should be
upgraded to support additional
transaction capacity so essentially they
want to do what's called this Fork a
hard fork and be able to increase or
upgrade let me bring the highlighter out
here upgrade bitcoin's block size to two
megabytes via a process known as a hard
fork and that got me thinking I had to
put on my thinking cap for a moment and
remember something that was crucial to
an event that occurred not that long ago
so that's essentially before I move on
that's essentially what has happened
this is important to those who believe
that there's a future to bitcoin so this
allowed the price to jump really really
high in a short period of time among
other things but this was really that uh
what was at the center let me show you
this going back back in time just a
little bit you had this individual
Hearn one of the senior developers at
Bitcoin who sold all of his Bitcoins and
said it's a failed experiment so that's
what he said and one of the issues that
he had was that they weren't going ahead
with this hard fork and they were going
to have
capacity constraints so he said you're
not doing this nobody's working with me
forget it I'm out it's a failed
experiment they don't know what they're
doing I'm cashing out you wanted to get
into you know creating a new currency XT
the Bitcoin XT and really never really
took off and
essentially I find it interesting that
while they didn't want to go ahead with
that at the time we can see that now
they're doing so I guess um they see
that this is needed because Bitcoin is
expanding I mean they probably never
thought that the market cap would be
hitting $40 billion and that there' be
this Global drive into Bitcoin and
digital currencies nobody ever thought
this would happen nobody thought it
would happen this fast I know I
certainly did not but here we are today
witnessing it if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up it helps to
push these videos higher up in the
YouTube search rankings I do appreciate
that very much if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more
informative so you can actually flip
through these books if you go over to
Amazon they have a look inside feature
that's going to allow you to flip
through the pages of these books you can
also get my audio book of my new release
global economic collapse that's
available at my website the money
gps.com
I'm also on steem it for those who want
to check me out on there I'm putting all
my YouTube stuff on there but also I'm
covering articles and information that I
do not cover on the YouTube channel so
if you want to check me out on steemit
the link is in the description of this
video take care